To reduce the amount of bullcrap in one's life, one must first reduce one's number of bulls.
Since when in sports do you not get to hurt people?
Don't judge anybody's mental skills. We're all different.
Just fool them into tricking them!
Just fool them into tricking them!
I swear, if you ask me what this is for, I will... leave you to figure stuff out on your own like you should!
Go to time-out, you did a bad job. Welcome to the real world.
Did you really think I could help you get over it? No, screw you.
Remember, the only time you should think about frowning is when the situation calls for it.
It is... what is is.
What did you say you were high on?
You think this is funny? Look behind you. What do you see. I could use it to hurt you if I wanted to.
Will anything ever fill that hole in your life?
Sometimes the only thing one can say is 'poopsticks.'
Be the ball.
Oh... Well, atleast you didn't die.
Just fool them into tricking them!
Aw, darn, I think you forgot to kiss your doll you adopted from the store before work. Family first!
Gotta love cow farts. It contributes to global warming. But only if you believe in it.
Remember, life is a mirror. You are who you are. Wait, what?
You are just a bag of water that craps toxic waste and contributes to Earth's imminent doom.
Be the cloud, and let the cloud be you.
Whenever you want to complain, remember, nobody gives a damn...
You need to increase the volume of your nearest friendly subwoofer. Or it will never love you enough to help you catch fish?
The student never fully becomes the teacher.
Don't you love the smell of fear? Oh wait. That's you.
Renewable energy is the future. What about renewable life? That might also be a solution.
Have you ever been scared to die? Then you're scared to live.
Why do you like what you like? HMMM! This is a good question.
You probably know this, but we're all slowly dying.
What were you thinking when you did that? You certainly were being mindless.
Always remember that you're not special, just another person who has the belief that they're invincible.
People do the wrong thing all the time... Why can't you call a toddler an asshole?
If you can't see the sky, you're probably dying from air pollution
Keep your head high, but always make sure you can see the ground!
Sometimes, you just gotta Obi-Wan the crap outta stuff...
The next time you think you have a bad idea, think of the mindless ones here and ask yourself... Am I really that dumb compared to them?
Why are you so quiet? Is it a secret you're keeping?
Peace is not violence.
Be one with the world, and let it be one with you.
Don't try to be so cool. You are just too warm.
Spitfire does not literally mean spitting fire. How does that apply to your life?
If you're fighting with somebody, ask if they want a truce. It almost always works. (I think...)
What do you think you are?
Have you ever prayed for someone else?
How many hours does it take to get enough licks to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Are you a good liar? No, because lies are never good. So nobody is a good liar.
How many nights have you spent crying about that?
We all need a light in our lives.
To rest the soul, one must lay it down on a bed for the soul...
Have you ever tasted the fruit of your work?
How much time have you wasted doing that...
We all need a bit of authentic yodeling juice every so often.
Has anybody ever left you behind?
Why did they do that? Hmm?
Wishing, but not winning my friend.
Winds will change, just to fool them into tricking them.
What would you do with a billion pennies?
Let's renew the renewable energy so that we have more for the future!
Being human is nothing without a little evil.
Stay in denial.
Play with the Ouija Board! You won’t regret it!
Done lie. Be the lie.
A villain is a villain, and a hermit is a hermit. That is all.
Write the hate.
Stand up and dance around with your feet mangled in business meetings.
Meditate on this ancient Chinese proverb: "scammer" is basically just another word for "rat".
Ignore the connection between the voices in your head and your skin.
Of course you are incredibly insignificant!
How can I afford all this? Life insurance!
Life is like a box of chocolates: I don’t like chocolate.
Just because you're unique, doesn't mean you're useful.
